Add docs about Gitea on same host and update docker-compose example (#2752)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/30-administration/11-forges/30-gitea.md

    [...]
```

## Gitea on the same host

If you have Gitea also running on the same host within a container, make sure the agent does have access to it.

> The agent try to clone by the clone URL Gitea reports via API. So you might want to specify a docker network for the agent too:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agent tries to clone by the clone URL Gitea reports via API. So you might want to specify a docker network for the agent too:
```

> The agent tries to clone by the clone URL Gitea reports via API. So you might want to specify a docker network for the agent too:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The agent tries to clone using the URL which Gitea reports through its API. For simplified connectivity, it helps to add the woodpecker agent to the same docker network as Gitea is in:
```

```diff
# docker-compose.yml
version: '3'

services:
  [...]
  woodpecker-agent:
    [...]
    environment:
      - [...]

> +     - WOODPECKER_BACKEND_DOCKER_NETWORK=gitea

Reviewer: Needs to be `woodpecker` or we should adjust the sample compose file to use `gitea` as network.

Reviewer 2: The most important thing is to highlight that both should be in the same network. And if not, that the communication should go via the docker0 gateway (usually `172.17.0.1`). Maybe it's worth pointing this out in more detail instead of just mentioning the hard-coded docket network value?
